# Structure

Multithreaded 2-gram fake Trump tweets generator.

## tweets

Folder containing text files in the format "part_N.txt".<br>
(Where 'N' is a positive integer)

## main.oz

The parameters are:

Parameter|Default|Description
|-|-|-|
FilesNumber|208|The number of files in the "part_X.txt" format
ThreadsNumber|16|The number of threads in the threadpool

There are as many jobs as there are files.
A job represents an active thread within the threadpool.

Each job contains:
- 1 thread dedicated to reading [reader](#readeroz)
- 1 thread for parsing [parser](#parseroz)

The stream generated by the 1st thread is used as input by the 2nd thread.


## Reader.oz

Module allowing to read the content of a file.

## Parser.oz

Module allowing the line by line parsing of a file.
These lines are then split into words.<br>
These words are then combined to form sentences.
Each word, of each sentence, is finally sent to the prediction dictionary.

The parameters are:

Parameter|Default|Description
|-|-|-|
BreakList|. : - ( ) [ ] { } , '! ?|The end characters of the sentence
ToRemove|TBD|Not used

## PredictionDictionary.oz

Module for saving words related to one (1) or two (2) words.

- (1) prediction based on a 1-gram structure
The dictionary key is composed of one word.

- (2) prediction based on a 2-gram structure
The dictionary key is composed of two words.

The keys are linked to a prediction dictionary.
- The key -> a word
- The value -> a number of occurrences

## GUI.oz

Allows the user to insert a word that will be used as a basis for prediction.<br>
Buttons are generated to allow the user to choose a prediction based the last word (1-gram) or the last 2 words (2-gram).
At any time the user can create a new sentence by clicking on "NEXT".
